Here ye, here ye!
The Senko de Mayo edition of Hormontown is in session!
Please welcome the Mayor of Hormontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank ye! Guest Comptroller, Kumail Nanjiani!
Wow!
Anybody come here to see Jeff Davis tonight?
Haha! Y'all's got fucked!
Just wanted to make sure. You brought him something?
Oh, what did you bring him?
Herpes. He can't get it twice.
Yeah, he's got it. No, you can't look that handsome and not have herpes.
Did you just have super cookies?
For you in podcast land, experiencing this only through audio,
a guy who looks, I would describe as a sleepy Scott Thompson from Kids in the Hall
in an Oxford shirt, sitting by himself with a satchel between his legs,
said, I brought Jeff something and unzipped the satchel and pulled out a sealed bag of super cookies.
There's probably vegan cookies, right?
Right, right. And it's because I also brought meat.
You also brought meat?
Oh, you didn't want him to be left out.
Okay, he's saying I also brought meat.
Sarah, what's your name?
But what's that?
Bill.
Bill? Would you like to come up here? I mean, you brought meat.
Wait, what's this? What's the back story on the meat?
We're about to find out. I mean, that's why, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
This is one of these people that I don't want to keep repeating what he's saying in the front row.
What's funny is Bill looked at me like, come on, you know what the meat's about.
No, nobody knows.
All right, go ahead, Bill.
Okay, so have you ever had a food that you were like, oh my God, this is so awesome, I have to share it?
Yeah.
Yeah, all right, well, look, I shared it with you.
You're like a great pitchman already.
No, no, no, no, no, really.
No, shared it with everybody.
Just look at infomercials, isn't it?
No, shared it with your friends.
Yeah, have you ever cut an onion?
Okay.
It's beef jerky.
Smoked teriyaki beef jerky.
It's in a bag.
Where is this from? Tell us what this is.
Texas.
Okay, you flew that back from Texas?
No, it was shipped here.
It's packaged a lot like you would imagine C4.
Or just poisoned beef jerky.
All right, all right, all right. See, I knew somebody would say that.
My dad used to serve me a lot of beef jerky.
It really does look like poison.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, come on.
If you look at the ingredients, there's no poison on the label.
If you're poisoning something, you're not going to scratch poison on the label.
But also, if you notice in the package, there's also little floss things for your teeth, right?
So if you're going to die, you better like have clean teeth.
Yeah, you brought us floss, too, because beef jerky.
No, I'm sorry, Bill, where are you from?
Plainville, Wisconsin?
A lot of different places.
Ed Geen's hometown?
I've actually lived a lot of different places.
What's that?
I've lived a lot of different places.
I grew up in Indiana.
Okay.
I moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, then moved to Australia, then moved to Vancouver, Canada, then to Texas.
Now I'm not here.
Where in Australia?
Brisbane.
All right, story check.
Brisbane, Queensland.
If you said Melbourne.
Seems legit.
Yeah.
All right, instead of starting from the beginning and going forward, let's start from tonight where you show up with a satchel full of meat and step slightly backward.
I was out there waiting in line.
Right, okay, a little backward from that.
To the point where you decide to come to the show with a satchel full of meat.
Yeah, yeah.
Why?
Tell us about...
One thing is that you're very excited about this jerky, right?
You said if you had a crew...
Yeah, yeah, but I didn't need to come up on stage to share it.
Right, you just brought it because it's so good.
Yeah, yeah.
And it's from...
And I was really concerned that you'd go, oh, that's very nice, but did you bring enough for the rest of the class?
I actually do have a couple more bags.
Oh, my God.
Most of our curiosity ended at...
Yeah!
There's two in there.
Dude, okay.
There's two in there if you could open it up.
Dude, explain it to people.
He is throwing out sacks and sacks of beef jerky.
So much beef jerky.
There's two in there.
Just in Ziploc bags, too.
Like...
No, no, no.
Once it retakes, that's how it's packaged.
That's how it's packaged?
Yeah, yeah.
I can reach the headlines tomorrow.
It's packaged in little brown paper bags with packing tape.
Yeah.
Creator of community dies along with 30 of his biggest fans.
Wouldn't that be crazy?
Like, that would be such a crazy, like, weird...
All of a sudden, the word meltdown would be like 9-11 or Boston, you know?
Like, I'm just like...
Yeah.
There's this weird thing that happened for those 15 years.
Everyone would go like, oh, man, I had a meltdown thing.
That guy, the beef jerky.
Jeff is going to become a holy man.
David Letterman would be making jokes about it.
Like, references to it.
No, Jay Leno would.
Leno would have the dancing beef jerkies.
Well, thank you.
Thank you, Bill, for your mysterious jerky.
Thank you, Bill.
Are you going to try it, then?
Not just right now.
I mean, it's...
You know what?
It would take so long to open the package.
And if it wouldn't take so long to open the package,
then maybe I'll never eat it.
It's sort of a...
Somebody just came up with an open bag question.
What flavor is that, sir?
Is that the teriyaki?
Does it say hot?
Oh, can I try it?
But how much sugar is it?
A lot of beef jerky has a lot of sugar in it.
People don't know that.
It is one of...
It is one of the ingredients of sugar.
Oh, it's really good.
Can you throw me one, mister?
I'll catch it. Just throw it.
All right.
That was a terrible throw.
Thank you.
Is it weird or is it perfectly normal that everyone's first thought?
It's human flesh. It's poison.
You know, like, whenever...
I don't think we're weird.
Weird is the guy who brought tons of beef jerky.
All right, so somebody in the audience is offering up...
has cultures of fungus growing on it.
Is this all fungus? I would not eat any of that.
Bill, how could you?
One of the... Bill's holding his head in shame.
Bill, you didn't make this, right?
He just brought it.
It's very, very good. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Texas, Steve.
All right, dried beef from Texas,
shipped in a plastic bag.
Some air got into one of them.
And life found a way.
As Dr. Ian Malcolm would say.
He would warn you about that.
This one has a little bit of it, too, on there.
And I fucking took a bite of it.
Yeah, me, too. Me, too.
Bill?
I bit into it thinking it would be cool if we all died
or if it turned out to be people.
But the boring, sadder, more realistic thing
is that we'd all just, like, spend the next three days
shitting and puking.
Yeah, Jay Leno's not doing jokes about that.
Yeah, no one's going to care about that.
That's like, we would just have a bachelor party
gone awry.
We just have three shitty days.
All right, pulling up my Evernote note, note app.
Oh, so, okay.
So I wanted to ask you something as a new comptroller.
Like, this is the kind of question I would ask Jeff.
No, no, I'm a hypochondriac,
so now I feel like I ate fungus and...
Well, you should feel like it because you did.
I was sitting...
I've been sitting in my bed playing a lot of Minecraft
on my laptop.
I got a new souped-up MacBook
and I've been playing a lot of Minecraft.
I'm totally distracted by the thought of, like, just...
I can feel it growing inside me.
Inside is something of a giant spider web right now.
I was listening to the people next door outside my window.
They were having some kind of party in the backyard.
And they were having a lot of fun.
You know, there's a distinctive sound to an outdoor party.
Everyone's having a good time.
And I was sitting in bed playing Minecraft on my laptop.
And I didn't feel left out,
but I was happy that they were having a party.
And I started to think, you know,
I should just have people come over to my house
and have a party in the backyard,
but not invite myself,
and I could just sit and play Minecraft.
Okay, is that...
agoraphobia, or is that just...
I know it's a tough evite to craft.
I've heard stories of, like,
you're out in LA and everybody works for somebody,
somebody's an assistant to so-and-so.
I've heard stories about Eddie Murphy,
that he would have these big parties.
He has these big parties.
Post-Pluto Nash Eddie Murphy has these parties.
Where, just like, because he's Eddie Murphy,
he could just invite a million people
and he has people, like, throw a party.
And he kind of, like, hangs back
and he'll make an appearance on a balcony
and kind of wave to people like a pope.
And then, like, there'll be a certain point
where everybody gets kicked out,
but up until then, they're just partying at Eddie Murphy's house.
But they're not partying with Eddie Murphy.
I actually like that idea,
because I do like going to parties,
but I can also understand, like, some days,
I'm like, I just want a party to happen, like, around me.
I want to hear it, but I don't want to participate in it.
And it does sound like, if you're playing Minecraft
and people are having fun outside and it's your doing,
you made all this fun happen.
I like listening to it.
You know, I used to, and it reminded me that
I used to sit backstage at the comedy tent in Milwaukee.
What is the comedy tent?
It's Summer Fast. This is where I would meet,
like, your various headliners would come through town.
You're Richard Lewis' and you're Louis Anderson's
and you're John Stewart's and things,
and you'd pick their brains.
You're Bob Goldthwaite's, for instance.
And, like, I remember I would sit backstage
and listen to the headliners entertain, like, 3,000 people,
and I would just, I just liked the sound of them
laughing and having a good time.
But I didn't want to.
It's weird because you'd think of me as a very narcissistic,
vain, control-freaky, ego-driven guy.
Like, I would, like, oh, I want to be the reason
why they're laughing.
Maybe I'm a better person than you think.
Maybe I just want people to be having a good time,
and maybe if you want something done right,
you have to do it yourself.
Maybe you just explained narcissism.
I certainly just exemplified it.
All right, well, I have a quick question
about Richard Lewis. You met him.
What was he like?
He's really suave and he wears a lot of bright colors.
Like, he gets off stage and he's like,
oh, get it off, get it off, this black turtleneck
this trench coat.
I can't, I honestly, I can't remember.
Like, most of those guys, it was like,
I should be a nuisance.
I remember John Stuart being really cool,
really nice, as you would imagine he would be.
That sticks out in my head.
I remember Bob Goldway being incredibly forthcoming
and talking to us. Tom Kenny, I remember
giving me a Schrab, like, advice that I still give
to young people creatively.
Oh, what is his advice?
Become the voice of SpongeBob?
Wait, wait, wait. And then just break it in.
We asked him as a, you know, kind of a dipshit
hacky question, which is, what's your advice
for young comics? And he said,
go through your set list and cross off
everything that didn't make you laugh out loud
by yourself when you were writing it.
And we were like, but that's like our whole, oh.
And there is like one thing out of your first
ten minutes that's going to be that one thing.
You know, you've got to ditch the other nine.
And that's why Patton Oswalt is hysterical
after all these, you know, decades of going through
that he does that every time, you know.
Works that shit meticulously.
Yeah, because I definitely, because I've performed,
you know, you perform in places where like Idaho
and stuff, where it's not, people aren't going to,
you just assume people are going to be a certain way.
So I would go back to the jokes that don't make me
laugh, but that work in every room.
Right, everywhere. I mean, this will be, I'm saying,
milk, but instead of milk, I'm saying poop.
Yeah, I mean, I've heard people laugh at that
in that Piranha movie. Yeah, got poop, right.
Yeah, that concept of, this will make other people
laugh because it's the concept of comedy.
Instead of you going like, here's a thing
that I think is funny. It's a big mistake.
That's not what anybody would, no one's going
to buy a ticket to that. Even people who like
watching Tim Allen's thing, whatever it's called,
man, man, man, man, man, man, man zone.
Like, they feel like, you know, he's
speaking from the heart and making himself laugh.
Like, that's just, you know, they wouldn't want him
to like stop the, go like, everybody stop.
What should man zone do next?
Tweet, tweet, manzone.com and let me know.
And I'll do whatever you want, whatever you want.
My mom would be like, fuck this guy.
The whole, yeah, illusion is that you're just
sort of speaking up there and you're not really
speaking for the benefit of any person,
but just for yourself. And that would kill that.
Although I would love if he did like once,
you know what, fuck this, this is not who I am.
I did, you know, I did cocaine really a lot
for like 15 years. Don't you want to hear about that?
I want to hear about that.
Or at least give yourself permission to do it, you know?
Yeah, and yeah, like it would be, it's weird,
like when you hear those outtakes and you go on
YouTube and you type in like Thundercats, you know,
and you hear the guy, the Thundercats guy,
going thunder, thunder, thunder, oh fuck.
It's so funny, and that guy, the guy from
America's Funniest Videos, there's that real
of him going, coming up next in America's
Funniest Shit Content, fuck it.
You know what, fuck this shit.
I don't think there's anybody out there
that's actually like not incredibly profane.
Yeah, it's really weird.
This television, this concept of standards
and practices, it's like, well I don't want my kid
to hear, actually it's not weird at all,
it makes perfect sense, it's the cleanest
common denominator, it's like we all have
to suffer because someone's eight year old
kid might be watching.
Right, but that's it, I think eight is the age
where, I think at nine, you're saying
fuck so much already, hearing other people
say it, you're like, oh I'm normal,
because I remember when I was nine I would
say fuck and then feel horribly guilty
because I hadn't really heard that many
people say it, but if my mom was also
saying fuck, I'd be like, alright this is
fucking cool, you know?
God, there's so much beef fungus growing
in my lungs, my head's going to come off
and turn into a spider.
Or maybe you get a superpower from this.
Maybe, probably a 1% chance at that.
If Darwin's...
Bill feels really bad, Bill, it's not funny
if we eat the food and it's delicious,
it's funny if there's fungus on it
and luckily that's what happens, so
you contribute it to the well-being of the show.
He should definitely, he should forgive himself
but at the same time, I mean he went out on a limb.
No, he totally did.
Like everybody in the audience doesn't come
with a bag full of perishable food.
Almost nobody ever does.
It's almost like there's a reason for it.
There was a moment when all of them were
going, oh should I be ashamed of myself
because I didn't get up this morning
and go like, what food am I going to bring
to Harmontown?
Then you gave them the pleasure of going like,
oh good, there's boundaries for a reason.
Yeah, you made them feel great.
They had a whole arc in like five minutes
of like, I'm not that good.
Oh no, I'm okay.
Bill sucks.
You're awesome, Bill.
He's a culinary Goldberg.
He's like Hulk, like everything I touch,
I crush in my hand.
Okay, so speaking of what's right and what's wrong
and where the mass is and how do you organize
communities and let's go on the moon
and live them in peace, I want to bring
our web guru, Shahruz out here.
Wait, Guru might be racist because he says that.
It wasn't racist until you pointed it out.
If you just said web guru,
if you said web fakir, sure.
The web mystic.
What a guru.
He's Indian.
You're right, me pointing it out made it so racist.
Wait, what are you, Shahruz?
Wait, you're Pakistani?
Oh, you're okay.
I didn't know that.
Do the handshake, do the handshake.
Whoa!
They're just like us.
So, Shahruz is our web genius
and I just found out by the way I want to go on record,
that means I'm the opposite of racist, right?
Because I'm totally colorblind,
like I don't know, right?
Yeah, except you then caught yourself
and then you became slightly racist.
Listen, if I'm the guy who gets to say
people are racist or not, you're not racist.
But I'm not that guy.
All right, Shahruz, regardless of his heritage,
is a computer genius intimidatingly so
and he does a lot of pro bono computer work
and he did this thing for Harmontown a long time ago
that I'd never taken advantage of
and I keep reminding myself to try it.
Anyways, I said to him,
I want to be able to do this thing with the internet
and people's cell phones.
Because I could say, for instance, I could go,
hey, who jerked off today?
Buy applause and then like, the people that...
Adam Goldberg clapping to the surprise of no one.
The people that applaud aren't,
they may or may not be all the people that jerked off
but what's more obvious is that they're the people
who don't mind everyone knowing
and it's too much like,
there's too much Heisenberg principle happening
in measurement, you know?
We have this new technology available to us.
Every once in a while you're kind of curious,
what percentage of you really feel this way or that way?
If there was an anonymous way to very quickly do these polls
and I said that to Shahruz and he whipped up this thing
that creates this geo-fence around the room that we're in.
Whoa, really? That's amazing.
I mean, not physically.
Not an idiot, Shahruz.
Sorry, I guess it's just not as amazing.
No, it is amazing because it's the things that are...
if the phones are within a certain diameter,
then they're in the...
That seems very impressive.
Okay, thank you, sorry.
By the way, you are exactly...
if my mom squints when she looks at me, she sees you.
You are what my mom wanted me to be.
I thought you were just being really racist.
No, no, no.
In her dreams, I'm Shahruz.
That's what her plan for you was?
Yeah, I started computer science.
Oh, Kumail, come to my bed.
Okay, let me amander.
Go to computer camp. Go to America.
I like that the magical, mystical gesture she's making, too.
Go, powerful lack of failure.
By the Pakistani God of Pulrap,
I command you, go to the United States
and learn computers for my family.
And then you came and look at you.
And yeah, I was like, fuck that.
I like Game of Thrones.
But you were saying...
and so you can do polls with this program?
Yeah, so the problem is that we have to think of something,
like you can set up these things very easily.
I did a test run of it and it's incredibly easy,
but I can't multitask.
What we can do is we can think of any kind of multiple-choice question.
Yeah.
And then we can punch it in
and then we can give them this URL that they can access on their phones.
And they can all go to it and they can very easily vote.
And there's a time window.
And after that time window, it'll send all the results to any e-mail address
that he specifies with like a pie chart and everything.
Oh, wow.
Okay, how about let's do people think you've been racist tonight?
Or there could be one where you're not racist,
one where you don't want to be racist,
but hey, we're all human,
and then one that's like, yeah.
Right, specifically though, that I've been racist tonight.
Yeah, what do you think?
I mean, you have just spitballing.
Well, I mean, the easy answer is yes,
because the modern definition of racism is acknowledgement of race.
I mean, I just did your mom reaching out and doing that.
Like she was some kind of gypsy from thinner.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I'm racist.
We don't need a poll for that.
All right, all right, all right.
Yeah, the voice was fun too.
But what about the real definition of racism?
The reason we're obsessed with it is because it's an actual crap.
Like, am I actually racist?
Yeah.
Like, am I so obsessed with race
that I actually can't like...
Like when you said web guru,
a normal person would not have thought it,
but you think about that so much
that you may associate it guru to Indian,
which he is not.
In my defense, I'm a verbal thinker.
So what I did is I said shrews are web guru
and that's what tripped.
I was like, shrews are web guru?
And I went like, oops, that sounded bad to me.
Yeah, sure.
No, I understand.
Okay, so do you want that to be the question?
Am I racist?
Yeah, what do you think?
Or we could do something totally like...
Let's just take it for a test run.
Yeah, that way, because if we sit here...
Yeah, let's take that for a test run and then we can...
So just is Dan racist?
Well, I can.
Yeah, is Dan racist is the question.
And then what are the possible answers?
Yes and no, obviously.
And then what?
Third.
Maybe?
Well, let's do more than maybe that.
Like, he desperately doesn't want to be,
but unintentionally, he has some barriers.
How many characters?
It's unlimited, but I just want to point out
that Adam Goldberg just texted me yes.
Why do you have Adam Goldberg's phone number?
He doesn't have Adam Goldberg.
Adam Goldberg has his.
Adam Goldberg gets your phone number.
I've been over this before.
He has techniques.
Okay, so this is just a test run.
Yeah, just do the...
I racist yes or no.
Don't even give him a third option.
Like a one minute time limit?
You make it two.
Okay, and what's the URL?
So it's tentpole, T-E-N-T-P-O-L-L dot it.
So tentpole, but pole like a gallop pole.
Just even the play on dot IT.
This is the most clever thing I've ever come up with in my life.
I've just never done anything this good.
Dot, dot, dot, dot, dot IT.
Tap here to find nearby poles.
Yeah, so everybody just hit tap to find nearby poles.
And then if it asks you for location permission, hit yes.
And then you just put your mailing address in there
and you may receive some material about a time share
I want to tell you about.
No.
It's not working.
It worked for me.
No, no, no, just do it.
No, no, no, guys, just do it.
Did it ask you for permissions?
Yeah, it is. It's there.
No, let me just hit a pole but not answer one.
Weird.
It doesn't matter.
Here, take that lady's phone.
This is like a nightmare for me right now.
Yeah, Bill and Cheruz both had their comeuppance for trying to be very nice.
Yeah, Cheruz's tentpole had e-fungus on it.
No, no, no, it worked for me.
You know it's a good podcast when somebody on microphone says,
I'm going to go into your settings.
Okay, so the results are in.
All right, is Dan racist?
Yes, 14 votes, no 15 votes.
Yeah!
Well, it says need more data, 20 votes.
Yeah, you left the 30 votes.
Whoa, that was a good number of people.
Only the vocal minority, from them it made it seem like it was not working.
It turns out they're the vocal minority.
And fuck minorities.
All right, can I redo my answer?
I don't think we need more data anymore.
You got your data.
That's your reward for needing it.
All right, well, let's thank Cheruz for it.
Well, thank you Cheruz.
Cheruz the Snake Charming Guru.
That's India, that's India.
He did genuinely float away on a flying carpet, though.
Well, there's a place in France where naked ladies dance.
Yeah, that's the lyrics to that song.
It's the Egyptian national anthem, actually.
It's been the number one hit in Pakistan for 30 years.
We have pyramids and we used to have a Nile,
but the snakes ate us and the sand's been here a while.
Now we have a dictator, nothing to sing about with that.
That's how the song dies.
Human rights violations are real.
What if you went to China and you went to a baseball game
and you had never been to China and you just had a baseball game
and they said, please rise for the national anthem
and you stood up and I went...
The guy with the gong gets it started.
You would be the only guy in all of China going,
what is racist?
And everyone would be like, what?
This is the best song.
Why are you an asshole?
This is the best song we've ever heard.
You were telling me something about Iron Man and the Chinese.
That's an interesting...
Somebody told me.
Yeah, I saw it somewhere, but I didn't read it.
Iron Man 3.
I believe that...
I mean, it's long, but even when I moved to LA in the 90s,
it was already the case that at least 60% of all these big movies,
their box office comes from overseas.
I mean, we've long been living in the age
of we think that we're like this Monroe Doctrine culture,
like giving out entertainment to foreign markets.
Sure.
And in some respect, that's true because they still just want to see
Robert Downey Jr. fly around in a row.
Yeah, nobody's watching Lollywood movies.
That's the Pakistani film industry.
Right.
But I mean, now China's emerging.
It's like this giant market to the point where they remade Red Dawn
and originally it was like the Chinese invaded America
and then they had to go back in and they're still using computers
to change everything to Korean.
Did you know about that?
No.
Wow.
Well, Red Dawn's out now.
We can watch it now and look at it.
That's what happened.
That's why Red Dawn took so long.
I heard that King Kong vs. Godzilla had different endings.
In Japan, Godzilla wins in here.
Wait, I thought you were doing a bit.
No.
I think that's real.
Do you mean the old school ones?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dean Devlin bothered to make a thing of it.
Dean Devlin did not give a shit about.
Yeah, so what I heard is that Iron Man 3 had like four minutes
of Chinese, extra Chinese bonus footage in it
where Tony Stark says like,
we got to warn the world about this threat.
And then like there's a scene where he, in the Chinese release
where he goes to China and is like,
and that's why we got all band together against this octopus monster,
whatever the thing is.
And then he's like, I love China!
And the article that was printed about it
had the angle that the Chinese audiences had kind of rejected it critically.
They were as into it as you would be if it was the other way around.
Like if we loved Chinese movies, which some of us do,
but I mean if China was just the place that made blockbuster movies
and shipped them over here and we went to see Iron Man 3
instead of like lead paint if they focused on movies.
If they paused to say, America rocks!
Whether we agreed or not would be like, dumb.
Yeah.
Well, Doctor Who, which I really, really love,
there's a whole, now it's getting popular here,
there's a season where they will shot some in American,
he's literally wearing a cowboy hat and stuff.
And for me, even though I'm sort of an honorary American,
it really, really bugged me that they were clearly making such a transparent effort
to like woo American audiences.
In what?
Doctor Who.
Oh.
He wears a cowboy hat and he's in like Yuta and stuff.
And this is exactly what you were saying.
I think what people don't like about it is with the comedian
who's just talking about what they think they want to hear
versus what they really want to talk about.
Yes, absolutely.
I think it's the exact same principle.
Yeah, entertainment is voyeurism.
I don't know why we feel compelled to, I mean for God's sakes,
like we, I mean, like, that's the thing about reference humor too.
Like, I guess it makes sense that you remake the office
and then you're going to go through and you're going to change the references.
Fine.
But like, we go too far with it.
Or we go like, oh, no one wants to watch ugly people on TV.
You know, it's like, of course we do.
Yeah, I mean that's when I start.
We're ugly.
Who else do we want to watch on TV?
Most of us are ugly.
Yeah.
I've really gotten into these like European crime shows,
like from Sweden and Denmark and stuff and what's so weird about it.
I was like, what's so different?
Because they're amazing shows.
But also they don't have shows where nobody's attractive on the whole show.
Yeah.
And then a lot of anal.
And a lot of anal.
Like way more Swedish detective shows.
Like it's a little weird.
Because I would say most network TV had almost no anal.
Yeah.
And these guys.
That's a big difference.
I mean, we're really uptight about that.
Yeah.
Those guys are assholes loose.
Have you seen Swedish Colombo?
That's crazy.
Yeah.
And you know Colombo was originally Swedish, right?
It was an adaptation.
Is that right?
The original Swedish Colombo, the reason why Peter Falk would pretend to start to leave
and then he'd come back in.
That was all originally like an anal sex thing.
Because he's like, oh, just one more anal.
That's what the original quote was.
Yeah, he would pull it out.
But I mean, I don't want to get graphic about it.
But it became Americanized.
It became like he's just in a raincoat and he's just leaving the scene and coming back
in for another question.
But in the Swedish Colombo, it was...
Peter Falk was very, very anti that.
He always thought it was selling out.
And he really was like, there should be the same amount of anal.
Yeah.
And he got in a huge fight with John Landis about that.
And in the fist fight, that's how he lost an eye.
Peter Falk.
Yeah, that's true.
John Landis...
Go ahead.
Sorry, go ahead.
Sorry.
Give and take.
No, no.
John Landis actually went back on set and was like, fuck it.
I'm just going to do the helicopter scene.
And he was so...
It's funny when you're sometimes like you could just see what the other person is thinking.
Well, yeah, we connect the dots.
John Landis is here tonight, by the way, and happy that we're still connecting that dot.
By the way, I know John Landis.
I did an episode of television with him.
Yeah?
What did you do?
Franklin and Bash, did you do an episode?
I did actually do Franklin and Bash.
And we shoot in Santa Clarita, which is about 30 miles north of...
It's just, you know, it's by like six flags, whatever.
And there was one day where we were shooting and he said...
Charlie Chaplin shot modern times in Santa Clarita.
Now I'm shooting fucking Franklin and Bash.
Wait, no.
Are you joking?
John Landis shot Franklin and Bash and said that?
Yeah, that's what he said while it was a long day.
Three more hours.
Surrounded by people who are on team Franklin and Bash.
Franklin and Bash were there.
And Franklin was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because he's a dick, right?
And Bash was like, fuck this guy.
Because Bash is like the John Lennon of Franklin and Bash.
It was just such a weird moment for everyone.
Because even there was also John Landis being like,
I'm doing Franklin and Bash now.
And also just you look at like, you know,
all the grand scheme of entertainment that people have made.
And, you know, it's just a weird...
God damn it, there was a...
Never mind.
What?
No, no, I can't.
Yeah, no, it's not.
And it's just Caddy who cares.
I don't want to talk shit about people.
Because like how many times have I had an encounter
with somebody and they're telling some story.
I don't want to be represented by some random encounter
by a bad person.
Yeah, everyone has a bad day.
Some people have many...
Harrison Ford fucking raped my mom.
That's a bad day for two people.
Although your mom got a great story out of it.
If I showed you like what my mom wears
like on an average day.
It just says fuck me Indiana on it?
Harrison Ford.
Like, like, yeah.
Get off of my plane and into my pussy.
It says...
It doesn't even make sense.
I said, mom, it doesn't make sense.
Is it your plane?
Yeah, I didn't...
Are you the president?
And she's like, oh, should I make another shirt?
I'm like, stop it.
Yeah.
Talk to dad.
You change the locks, you don't communicate.
And there's Netflix now.
You can watch more movies.
Like, you don't even know this person.
Yeah, he's got a lot of movies.
And if you ever run into him, which he ended up doing,
you're going to get raped.
That's what Harrison Ford does.
And the judge, as he did, is going to let him go.
Because he's going to say, look what you are wearing.
And it's not going to be like a sexist thing
because what you are wearing is a sandwich board.
That's like, please fuck me.
And you know, black people shouldn't be allowed to vote.
I just, huh, if you see things in this voice
and you don't open your mouth all the way,
I think women are inferior.
That's how...
I just, you know, Shrews comes out here.
He's got a cobra and a basket.
He's fine with that.
He's writing a magic carpet around.
This is, okay, we might have to take this out, too.
Emily's mom?
I feel like Emily's mom.
If she doesn't know that 9-11 wasn't inside your oven.
But she, like, whispers three words.
Like, whenever she says them, she doesn't say,
like, she'll be like, the three words are like,
he has cancer.
She whispers cancer.
He has depression.
And the word Jewish.
All incurable.
She's just, she's not,
she's not saying, like, they're bad people.
She just knows that they can't do, you know,
like, nothing they can do about it.
He's very nice.
You know, very nice.
All right.
Oh, god damn it.
Okay, it's 9 o'clock, so we're going to roll into other duties.
I know, duties.
The, Aaron made a cake, as usual.
Does it have fungus on it?
She just baked it. There's no fungus.
Why don't we give the cake,
should we give the cake to Bill?
Because he...
There you go, Bill.
It's a cake that says,
go Marbles, go.
She made her monkey in frosting.
So that's your cake, Bill.
It's our way.
It's a teachable moment to you.
This is how you give people food.
Poison them.
See how it has no fungus on it, Bill?
Maybe write that down.
Just don't mail that cake to Texas.
And say, it's okay.
Wrap it up in packing tape.
Put it in a backpack.
Take it to the Yakov Smirnoff show and just give it to him.
I'm assuming he's big in Austin.
Yakov, by the way,
I got really obsessed with Yakov.
You know, he has his whole therapy now.
He does a...
He's like a therapist now.
And it's called smile therapy or happy therapy
or something, which is about
willing yourself to be happy.
And that's what he does.
I can't imagine.
He also doesn't...
I can't imagine he'd be the one to come up with this.
You'd have to convince yourself.
You have to convince yourself you're happy.
Sometimes you just gotta look at the world
and flip it.
He also got, like,
begging to... He's like super patriot
and he really got into 9-11 and most people don't know this.
He had this banner.
He's an artist. He makes paintings.
He had this banner made.
It's a banner that hung from
across ground zero.
And it's like Statue of Liberty with, like, a heart and stuff.
And it's got some
phrase on it that's like...
It's Soviet Union.
No, I wanted it to be in Russia.
9-11 never forgets about you.
Right.
But it's just something about, like,
my heart is broken or some stupid
bullshit tendering thing.
So
wait, well that's weird
because he's big in Branson, Missouri.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like a little, you know,
Dollywood and kind of like,
and I always wondered, like,
was that just because
what begets what? What chicken laid what egg?
Maybe his
ideology is really actually
I'm sure it is, but you convinced yourself.
I always assumed that he was like this guy in the 80s
who was like, when we were fighting Russia
he was the step and fetch
it of Russians, you know.
He would come out and go, I'm Russian
but I don't like it so much.
You know, and we would go,
that makes us feel better about buying
credit cards and shoes and stuff.
And, you know, buy credit cards.
You buy them with a shoe. I don't want to get out of home.
But, but, but, and then I always assumed
that because he was like an icon of,
for all I knew, he had like a, you know,
he didn't even have a Russian accent.
Well, but, I mean, he is Russian
and nobody is really interesting, but Smirnov
is not his real name and he did take
that because of the vodka
where he was like, oh, they'll like this.
They'll like this vodka. They'll associate.
So he changed his name to Smirnov.
Yeah, and Yakov sounds like Jakov.
I assume they're both fake names.
He's the fucking Jakov vodka guy.
Wait, are you saying that any part of that
name is real? I think Yakov might be real.
I'm not sure, but I know Smirnov is not
and he took it from the vodka.
Again, what we thought the Chinese would like,
he took it to us and it fucking worked.
Interesting.
And by interesting, I mean the opposite.
In America, interesting things bore you.
But I actually feel better
thinking that he actually,
Oh yeah, he knew what he was doing.
That he's a big patriot because when I heard
like, oh, he's huge in Branson,
I always, I assume every entertainer
is like a liberal and a cosmopolitan,
like not a redstater.
No, some of the bad ones are redstaters.
It comforts me to think that he's actually
like the third act of his biopic
is him and Branson going like,
why didn't they make this place sooner?
Well, I mean, he's a god that there's him
and there's another guy who I think is,
he's Asian, Japanese or Chinese, something
who, he makes like millions of dollars
and he has this, his whole family,
he's got a white wife and they have a whole family
where they like, play the national anthem
on violins and stuff like that.
Like, so it's sort of the place where
other, where immigrants go to like
completely pander and sell out.
That's where I'll end up.
It brings you back to a simpler time.
Yeah, where it was like, other countries were like,
like, it was like going to the zoo.
Yeah, exactly.
Because you only saw the one face.
You're like, oh yeah, lines are lazy.
That's where they broke out and said, fucking us.
Yeah.
Having all these weird babies.
Weird babies?
Weird.
Beige, almond-eyed, super golfers.
Everything, everything just,
these colors don't run my ass.
They ran together, brother.
In Russia, these runs don't color.
Seriously, fucks.
All in your backyard, you're going to wind up radio.
It's over.
And it's over because of races.
Almond-eyed super golfers
is the name of this episode.
Almond-eyed super golfers.
All right.
All right, let's speed it along.
Let's get Spencer out here and...
Spencer!
Thank you.
What up?
What up, Spence?
Not much, man.
Nice, calm trolling.
Thank you.
You're eating the cookies?
I want to try the cookies.
I guess they are sealed.
Yeah, these...
Oh, you think he's just like a fungus guy.
Who gives people fungus.
Well, I mean, poison me once, right?
And you won't have to poison me twice.
Poison me once.
I mean, just for the listeners at home,
like the piece of...
One of our audience members held up a piece of beef jerky
as we all finished half-eating the first bite.
And there's so much mold on one of them,
mildew, whatever it is.
It looks like a rabbit's foot.
It has a coat of white, beautiful fur.
Yeah, I feel like we should name it.
That happens, though.
This is good luck.
It's such bad luck.
Yeah, I think it had...
participated in the poll.
And then the one I have has a little bit on it, too.
That happens, though.
Kirkland's signature brand teriyaki beef jerky
will also manifest that on occasion.
I'd say one in every six bags.
One in every six?
Yeah.
In my experience.
That's a terrible ratio.
Yeah.
Kirkland's signature.
One in every six.
We'll talk back to you.
Do you want to try this?
Dan, these are the raw...
I can't...
Carbs, that stuff will kill you.
I'll stick to the hairy meat.
It looks like somebody dipped all of these in cotton candy.
That's how much...
It looks like the Goldbloom Body Snatchers movie.
Oh, yeah.
The 70s Body Snatchers movie.
Yeah.
They have the little tendrils of it.
Alright, let's...
Erin McGathy, can you come out?
Bill, I think it's real sweet that you brought that.
Of course it's sweet.
And it's not his fault that one bag was bad.
Honey, I'm sorry.
That sounded so condescending.
Honey, we would talk about it all night.
Listen, honey, I would have said that to a guy, too.
But this is a different...
This was a different...
Two different bags.
But I'm guessing that the company that he got that from,
it's a real family organization.
And sometimes things slip through the cracks.
I'm going to eat all the rest of it.
Well, the other end of the spectrum is that photo
that was circulating on the internet where the guy found
a 1989 McDonald's cheeseburger in his coat pocket.
It had not.
And it looked just like it does on the menu.
Who's supposed to go bad?
This is what's supposed to happen to food.
If it has life in it, yeah.
The other life is supposed to want to eat it.
I mean, even if it was all covered in mold,
the sentiment is still really...
Oh, of course.
No, Bill...
No, really.
I'm the person who brings unsolicited cakes.
Yeah, it's totally A for effort, F for fungus.
I think we were very...
I think we went very easy out of it.
And Bill, I hope you don't mind me outing you.
Bill was tearing up as we were sitting,
and Dustin and I were watching him tear up.
You weren't tearing up, were you?
Bill?
Were you really tearing up?
Oh, Bill, this is wonderful.
You've made the podcast better.
You've made the podcast.
If he brought food to actually provide sustenance and joy
for other people, then it would be fair to assume
his worst nightmare would be that it was in fact disgusting.
And I totally relate to that.
That that would make me tear up, too.
Especially if it was something that you really love,
this specific beef jerky that you had shipped in.
But, I mean, I feel...
I mean, it all comes out in the wash.
It's all karmically balanced, because that's, I mean...
But everything's fine.
Yeah, it's awesome.
And you should be able to laugh at it.
We're all...
Yay!
Yeah, we've all been talking about this jerky,
and it's been awesome.
I mean, the jerky could not have tasted as good
as making fun about it feels.
And also, as I've said before,
when I was on the playground and people would pick on me,
I would never cry.
Like, no matter how hard anyone hit me,
no matter how many showers they told me to take,
the thing that would make me burst into tears
was the fucking good-natured guy coming up and going,
come on, leave him alone!
Maybe he doesn't want to take showers!
And then I'd be like, who would take your teammates?
Who would kill myself?
Well, I didn't come up and say, like,
hey, man, maybe he likes fungus.
Maybe he wanted everyone to eat some fungus.
That's not what I said.
I wasn't...
Maybe someone stick up for Aaron.
I'm attacking her too much.
Bill, are you...
Bill, are...
How you doing?
I'm okay.
I'm all right.
All right!
I don't know what I thought was gonna happen.
Bill's awesome.
Whatever.
Well, it was great.
He's gonna go home tonight.
Open a window to his snowy front yard,
put a puck crown on,
a crown of twigs,
and then go into his father's den.
We watched that right before we came here.
Or he could just eat one of his turkeys.
Bill, you're not allowed to cry another tear
until someone dies.
Bill, we're all okay,
but the question was absolutely wonderful.
Also, I don't know if I washed my hands
when I made that cake.
Who knows?
He saved the last bag for himself.
He saved the last bag for himself, he said.
That's fine.
Bill, our job is to make sure you do not eat it.
I don't know why they're so crazy about guns.
In Texas, I mean, when one piece of meat
could take out a whole audience.
It's like, Jesus,
we can still defend ourselves against the enemy,
obviously, if that's what the concern is.
But yeah, you don't need background checks
for this jerky.
If anyone could take anything away from this podcast,
never put yourself out there.
Never.
Never be generous, never put yourself out there.
I think the message is,
don't push yourself out there
if you have fungus goods.
I mean, meat is a real limb.
It's an actual limb, of course.
No.
We're not bullying Bill.
No, we're not.
We think it's wonderful that he did this.
It's wonderful.
This is a stage full of people who are very bullied
who are trying to un-bully.
Yeah, it's like, well, I was grapple with that stuff.
When you say don't put yourself out there,
sarcastically, I feel very strongly about that.
Whenever people come up and talk and share things and stuff,
I always want to make sure that we don't do
the Jay Lenoey kind of like,
oh, well, someone's talking,
so if they use a T instead of an S,
we're going to fucking throw a parade for the letter T.
I mean, I know we're jumping on the fucking fungus on the beef,
but there's another rule of entertainment and conversation
which is go where the heat is.
We all know that Bill didn't make fungus grow.
He's not God.
We're not going to talk about it any sport.
I mean, more.
I'm so happy you talked about the Christian Bale.
I really think this jerky is growing on me.
I genuinely, Bill, nothing but love.
This is awesome.
I think this is great.
How much less interesting would it have been
if this was just like really good jerky?
I think it's awesome that it has fungus in it.
The real villain is this man
who presented the moldy jerky.
I'm just kidding, please don't go that way.
No, come on.
That took guts.
His car's going to explode in the parking lot.
He's the whistleblower.
It takes balls.
He was in a room full of pleasure
and he had to hold up a rabbit's foot and go,
well, just so you know,
this one's reproductively viable,
which is why you can see the white.
Which in France would probably cost a million dollars.
Hey, the fungus was inside us the whole time.
All right, let's start playing.
I wasn't able to be here a couple of weeks ago
and Duncan Trussell played my character.
And I on purpose did not
catch myself up on what happened
to Christopher.
So I don't know.
I basically blacked out for
Christopher blacked out for a week
and now I want to find out what
what happened.
That makes sense. I mean, that's natural.
All right, so should we do the music?
Well, we need somebody to play Jeff's character.
Should we have to?
Bill, you want to play Jeff's character?
Bill!
Bill is playing Jeff's character.
I'll give it a shot. Do I have a character sheet?
Yeah, you want to pass these out.
Is this the D&D music that's happening?
On the previous episode,
our heroes, this is too moody.
We're still lost in a shadow plane
after killing Breffi, the Spirey.
It's Dustin Marshall on...
Is this? Oh, on DJ.
That's cool.
Breffi, the spirey denizen of the dark.
To the north, behind the dark pillars,
stood an imposing and flickering fence.
And to the south, the sound of beating hooves
was once again audible.
Swiftly following the sound of hooves
was none other than Tylenol with Codeine,
the unicorn.
And with him, terrible news.
Tylenol's force had been raised to the ground
by deviant creatures from another dimension.
As it dawned on Sharpie that his errant fireballs
may have decimated the commie force,
he was quick to admit his error
and Codeine quicker to forgive the transgression.
At the same time, Chris de Burgh,
who had been feeling out of sorts
during the last combat,
spoke nonsense and carved strange prophecies
into his own arm.
And requested he be impaled upon Tylenol
with Codeine's one horn.
Confused and likely disturbed
by the sudden masochistic bend,
the party investigated the gate
and set off a trap.
Chris and Quirk were pinned by shadowy bindings.
Sharpie leapt over a massive shadow gate
and deactivated the trap,
freeing his friends, but the victory was short-lived.
A party of shadows with bladed limbs
poured from the darkness behind the gate
and a great combat ensued.
So, so great.
Our heroes managed to cut down two of the foes,
but four remain.
Oh, we stopped right in the middle of the fight.
Yeah, it was a pretty intense fight.
Wasn't there a moment, maybe this was just facetious
and didn't actually happen, but where Chris de Burgh,
Jeff and Chris de Burgh were fucking
and I was jerking off on them and rapping.
That was probably just to end the show.
Wait, what?
Is that canon?
I had to ask myself that as I reviewed the episode.
It wasn't canon specifically because...
If we did that, we'd all be dead.
Yeah, because you stopped time to go into rap,
which halted combat time
and either your heads would all have been
sliced to pieces in the ensuing dance number,
or it didn't happen.
So... Okay, I have a couple questions.
Sure.
You feel a pain in your stomach and your right arm.
Okay, my first question.
When you say impaled on the unicorn,
what does that mean?
Sexual. What did I do?
No, no, um, yeah, so...
Okay, so at some point...
Oh, guys, I just came too.
What's this with the unicorn?
Your arm and still bleeding on your flesh
is scrawled the scars of your dagger.
They say, how can you have a video game podcast
and not play Starcraft 2?
These words are meaningless.
Yeah.
It's hibijibi stuff.
Also, you had sex with Quirk.
That didn't happen, though.
What about the unicorn? What did I do?
You cut it into your arm
and invited the unicorn to stab you with his horn,
which he did with great vigor
and dealt to you about 11 damage, I believe.
What the fuck?
You should be lucky to cut off his fingers
because he was gunning for that for a while.
I gave him a healing potion.
His mom died. Quirk hands you a potion.
Oh, my God. Did she really?
Yeah. You didn't know that?
No.
You didn't? I don't know.
He sounded like he got a new surfboard or something.
I don't know why I assumed you knew Duncan.
What sucks now is that I'm the asshole
for being upset that he would act out.
I don't know what I would do if my mom passed away.
I would probably have Duncan's character impaled by the unicorn.
I think one thing's for sure.
We should fight these Shadowmasters and kill them.
We gotta fuck Jeff. Let's go.
Oh, yes. Sorry, Bill.
Bell, I know that we have followed that.
Because he's fucked everything.
And marbles around.
And did he have sex with marbles already?
No, that never happened.
All right, well, let's kill these Shadow Creatures
and then we'll all run a train on Jeff.
I'm going to put it at the Shadow Creatures' turn.
There's four of them left. Two of them were cut down,
I believe, by the blade of Quirk.
So one of them is actually trying to strangle Quirk
with his limb as this smoky gas that's choking him down.
That's you, Bill.
Yeah.
You're Quirk.
All right, the rest of the shadows rear back
and their limbs turn into smoke
and they flow towards you with an amazing speed.
You can try to dodge, but you fail miserably.
That is two of you do.
However, Chris de Burgh manages to jump out of the way
with the smoke.
The rest of you, you feel the smoke.
It hits you right in the face and it's all black
and you can't see for a moment.
And then it forces itself down your throat
and you feel yourself coughing and choking on smoke
because you're in a terrible fire.
No damage, though.
I'm going to use my talking dagger
and try to cut one of the tentacles for my neck.
This is smoke, it's not tentacles.
I'm still going to try to cut at it.
Okay, go for it.
All right, you successfully strike the smoke.
However, being smoke, it is instantly parted and reformed.
I feel like it gave you a clue that that was not going to work.
It's a talking dagger.
That's what his character would do, probably.
I cough.
Yeah, you do.
That's a given.
Do you want to try and expel this from your lungs?
Yes.
Okay, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, I cough and I run backwards really quickly.
Attempting to both to fade
and void your lungs of the terrible gas within.
You manage to choke back a bit.
You're gaining a bit of breath.
Your head grows a bit clearer,
but still trying to invade.
Choke, yeah.
It says you don't have smoke bombs.
Does that mean bombs that would hurt smoke?
They only blow up smoke.
No, no, for like diversions and whatnot.
Maybe a dance party would start or something.
I can't help but notice on my character sheet,
because over the weeks,
these things get soaked with wine and vodka,
and you've had to create character sheets.
Each time you do an English teacher,
you kind of circle things and put exclamation points.
Oh, yeah.
I circled the soul of growth,
because that's the most powerful artifact
that you guys have encountered so far.
And I circled your temporary stats,
because you lost strength and constitution
when your shadows ran away.
I thought that was relevant.
But you're letting me know
that the soul of growth is important here.
No, it's not.
I will let you know it's not important in this area of the town.
Oh, thank you.
I just circled it,
because it's literally the most powerful object
you guys have encountered so far.
Sharpie?
I think it's your turn.
I'll walk that back.
It might be useful.
Is it my turn?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And as I recall,
I was limited to level one and two spells.
Yeah, you're still on a three, level three ones.
Level three ones?
I can still cast?
No, you're out of them.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm out of them.
Okay.
All right.
I should eat more often.
Me too, brother.
Well, Goldberg brought you some chips.
Yeah, in a milky way.
Yeah, but by the time I start eating that,
it'll be done.
And then who knows how long it'll take
for the nutrients to absorb.
If you eat, you feel not hungry right away.
Yeah.
Pretty much how food works.
No.
I will categorically deny that there is like a time
that it takes for your brain to register
that you're full and satiated.
But you're full, but like if you're thirsty,
you drink water, you're great immediately.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Yeah, for thirst, definitely.
I feel like the same principle, but...
It's really not.
You do...
You do you, Spencer.
I do me.
All right, fuck it.
Scorching ray.
I mean, I don't have anything clever to do.
Waving your hands in a magical manner.
You fire off a couple bolts of fire
towards the shadow.
Prestigeige to my scorchum!
It strikes one directly in the...
the right arm, the right blade arm.
Oh, nice.
That happens.
That's not really relevant.
But dealing...
everybody shut up.
Twelve damage.
You know, we weren't saying anything.
I know.
That was a joke.
God needs a snack.
Yeah, the master needs a snack.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did somebody get...
got a bag of animal crackers?
Dealing twelve damage.
It staggers back a couple of steps
and you can see his smoky arm
kind of flutter a bit.
Like, keeps on keeping on.
Okay.
I...
Wait, I haven't done anything yet.
Yeah, that's true.
He asked a question,
but he hasn't actually taken an action.
Can I use acid?
Will that help?
I have vials of acid.
So, yeah, if you pour that on something,
it could, like, burn away at it
and potentially cause damage.
All right, well, I sort of take a vial of acid
and I throw it at one of the...
the guy that he was...
that he hit.
That's a strategic move, definitely.
Yeah, you strike him.
Rearing back,
you whip your hand forward
and fling the half-open vial of acid.
It smacks the guy directly in the face
and shatters on impact
and you see caustic green liquid fizzle
and burn on the being surface
dealing four damage.
That's barely anything.
You know, Bill got lampooned
for attacking it with a knife.
What's more logical about attacking smoke with an acid?
Well, but he attacked just the smoke.
I threw it at the source of the smoke,
which is some sort of physical being.
Oh, he just found out I'm not listening.
There's a physical being.
There's some beings.
I thought there were shadow dudes.
Whose turn is that?
I mean, it's the shadow monster's turn, yeah.
So you can feel this choking kind of...
kind of gaining a hold over you.
You kind of...
your limbs are getting kind of numb
and your mind's going a bit dim,
like you might lose consciousness pretty soon.
I would say that's the three of you
again, not you, because you're dodged, yeah.
Okay.
However, two of the guys seeing that you haven't been,
you know, affected by this,
charged towards you and sliced at you with their bladed limbs.
I use my uncanny dodge.
You might think that.
Uncannily, you managed to dodge one of the blows,
but the other strikes you directly in the right thigh.
Specifically.
Dealing seven damage.
Okay, we're gonna fuck it up.
Putting it at Quark's turn.
Guys, we don't...
I don't know what to do.
Like, how do we kill these guys?
Sometimes the game's a lot more, like, simpler.
You know, you just do the same thing over and over.
Am I in a position where I can try to cleave with Farsword?
Yeah, definitely.
The Farsword's used up, you can cleave, though.
Alright, try to cleave.
Definitely.
Yeah.
Go for it.
Yeah, go for it.
Yeah, that's not bad.
Okay, yeah.
Whipping out your sword,
you slice directly through the damaged shadow creature,
and you manage to deal...
Oh, wow, that's pretty good.
14 damage, felling the guy in a single strike.
Yeah!
Your sword carries through
and hits the next guy directly
where it would be a rib on a normal person,
but he's a shadow guy.
Dealing a further 17 damage.
Yeah!
Whoa!
But, but...
He brought bad meat.
Temper your applause.
In real life, he is killing us slowly.
He has dealt us 17 damage.
This fortitude saves not optional.
Was that a smoked rib?
What? Yeah.
Alright, yeah!
Wait, I didn't get...
I didn't hear it.
Alright.
Alright, so that was good.
So now there's three left.
Yeah, so there's three left
putting in a more rainstorm.
Okay, so there are shadows,
but they're also smoke,
and the shadows are going into our throats,
but we can sometimes cut them as swords
and sometimes not.
You can cut smoke with a sword,
but it doesn't have any effect on the smoke.
That's what happened.
There are physical beings
whose limbs are transmuting to smoke
or some sort of gash.
So go for the sword side, I would say.
So I can either treat the sword to the symptom.
Alright.
I take out three arrows!
Three arrows.
You tie them to your feet.
And I take a nap.
Is it possible to fire three arrows
while also guzzling some water?
No.
You can guzzle some water
and then fire three arrows.
Oh, okay.
No, wait, you can't.
I'm sorry.
Don't go for the water,
just do the arrows, I would say.
Either way.
Well, because of smoke,
Dan's looking at me
confusedly.
Smoke.
Smoke makes you thirsty?
Well, I mean,
I've tried to like push out the smoke with fire.
I can't put fire in,
or with water.
I can't put fire in my throat.
Or just choking in the water.
I'm killing the guy in the front row, apparently.
I'm not going to trust you.
You chose to wear that shirt tonight.
Oh, that's a joke.
It's a fine shirt.
It's a very specific color.
God damn it, guys.
I didn't mean it.
I'm a big fan.
Just as long as we don't punish anyone
for putting themselves out there.
Let's just fucking seek and destroy
anyone who wore a shirt tonight.
Hey, nice head.
What'd your mom fuck up?
Yeah, who'd your mom fuck,
General Ugly?
I'm defensive.
Hey, how do you know when you're finished
with your face?
There's something gross growing on your neck.
Oh, sorry, it's your face.
In my defense, I was saying
what I wanted to do,
and he was acting like I was killing him
by throwing his arms up in the air
and being really upset,
so I was a little defensive.
Well, shoot your three arrows.
Right?
That's what we were doing?
Yeah.
Back to the ending.
I'm assuming that's what happened,
and I already rolled the dice.
But really, your shirt's fine.
I'm sorry.
He's not even looking at me.
We have to let it go.
I'll let it go.
I was trying to be your friend.
Let it go!
Two of the arrows missed their mark,
but one plants itself directly
into the right, no, left hand.
She makes fun of his shirt.
Of the smoke monster.
I'm so sorry.
Dealing six damage.
Six damage?
Yeah, six damage.
Who cares anymore?
Are you okay?
Do you want some cake?
Are you gonna be here next week?
He gave me the cake.
I did! No, you did the cake!
Oh, my God!
You can have some cake.
Will you be here next week?
Dude, you can have some cake.
What's your favorite thing in the world?
I think we should give him the starving guy.
I don't want to take the boys.
All right, okay.
Aaron, are you saying you look like you like some cake?
This is why we should have left it.
Yeah, Sharpie, let's go.
I can't wait to have half self-catches
of children with you.
Half?
I know.
That's the joke.
They don't have a chance.
They're gonna come out of your uterus
and go like,
What am I?
Did I do it wrong?
They're just gonna hang themselves
with their umbilical cord.
I'm so sorry I cried.
I know this is where I'm supposed to be,
and I cried, and I'm so sorry.
Was the pregnancy okay?
Were you bleeding irregularly?
They don't have this pussy behind me.
Just kidding.
I know.
Is that a bad joke?
I don't know.
I'm so fat.
Take a look at this pussy behind me.
I want to get Aaron pregnant
and the delivery room,
the kid's gonna shoot out of her vagina
and start googling itself.
And then apologize for it
for the rest of its life.
Apologize for it
and then ask if it's okay,
and then apologize for it again.
Sharp beats your turn.
I hold up the Soul of Growth.
And I go,
Holding the Soul of Growth aloft,
it is caught with the azure light
that shifts into a more
emeraldish-greenish-yellowish light.
Shadows!
I know you!
For a second,
you can see what actually looks like light
for the first time in the shadow plane.
The rays are cast upon your body
and you feel yourselves becoming stronger
and more able to carry on.
You all gain
16 health points of health
right back to your life totals.
Yeah!
That's what I said,
like maybe relevant.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
So is it me now?
That would be Smoke Monster's turn.
There's three of them left, right?
Nope, just two.
That's true, yep.
Yeah, there's two of them left.
You can trick God.
I know there's three.
There's three.
I rolled three attacks,
so I mean, they're happening.
Okay.
All right, so Sharpie,
that last like expulsion of air
kind of like took the last of your air
and the rest of the smoke kind of invades your lungs.
You're really on the ropes.
You think you might have a couple more breaths
before you lose consciousness,
just from this breathing sort of thing.
Mulraine, in fact, does lose consciousness,
so only kumail and...
Who's kumail?
Experience points.
So I'm okay?
Yeah, you know, yeah.
Chris de Burgh is not affected by the smoke.
Quark has actually managed to cough
some of the smoke out
and has shaken it off for the most part.
Okay.
So it's just me and you, but...
Well, he's still barely conscious.
Okay.
So this is my last puff
to say something cute and Pixar-ish,
like a little help.
All right.
Something that kids can giggle at,
but parents can be like,
this is edgy.
Yeah.
Get tricky with it!
Got pain?
All right.
I take...
What's a bowler?
Is that like a cat on nine tails?
It's kind of like that,
except instead of having like a whip handle,
you'd whip it around and throw it
and hope to ensnare your foes with the legs.
It won't hurt them.
It'll hurt a little bit if you hit them,
not much.
It's mostly an attempt to trip.
Okay.
All right.
Well, what I do is
I tie a wire saw to one of the bolos
and then I just fucking...
Don't look at me like that.
Also tie the red cap poison to that.
And I tie another thing of acid.
I should do that.
I put on my goggles at night
because those goggles of night
and all of that,
I just kind of throw it.
All the good stuff.
Also one of my shoes because, you know,
because no regrets, right?
Yolo.
So you throw it,
but the added weight of all these
non-aerodynamic objects actually
pulls it off its course,
kind of falls a bit short.
Just sitting on the ground.
I go back and get my shoe.
I tied it all together.
That's what had happened.
Yeah, I know.
It's funny.
Attempting to retrieve your shoe,
you attract the ire of one of the blade monster things.
Man, I can't win for losing.
It slashes you in the...
I was going to say the right thigh again.
That doesn't even make sense.
On the back, dealing a mere two damage.
Okay.
Yeah.
You got your shoe back though.
That's cool.
Hey, this could have gone a lot worse.
How close am I?
You are in melee range with these dudes.
I'm going to try to kick one back
and power attack another.
Okay.
So, it's kind of tricky to pull these two moves
off at the same time,
so I'm going to give you a penalty on the kick
because you're going to put more effort into the attack
probably.
Jock alert.
Penalty on the kick.
These are physical actions.
Somebody give this guy a P-Bone.
A Papst.
You can't even pretend to talk Jock.
Nah, real football home run there.
Go ahead.
So, what happens after he does all that?
I don't even know anymore.
No.
Okay.
So, you try to kick the guy,
but his semi-solid form actually kind of morphs around it
and your foot kind of just gets stuck a little bit.
It's not good.
It's not comfortable, not feeling good.
This off-balance nature throws off your attack
and you swing a bit wide,
catching one on the tip of his head.
It doesn't hit him very hard,
but you manage to nick him just a skosh.
Dealing about six damage.
Six damage.
Bro, I don't think you needed the kick.
I think that's what fucked us.
But that's okay.
I threw all my belongings.
Throwing a garbage pile of stuff didn't help us.
No, no, no.
Guys, we should all take a second and drink some P-bones.
Aaron is asleep.
We're just dying of the two of you are pickering about your high kicks.
Well, it's you.
It's you, Sharpie.
Can I do anything?
You have one more action before you lose consciousness.
I have one more action.
I'm real sick.
You're out.
All right.
Sorry.
One more action.
I take this very seriously.
You should.
My final action.
You might die.
I hope I don't.
My final action is going to define me as a person.
This is going to be your legacy.
Would you like to ask the audience?
I want to, can I do a lifeline?
Yeah, go for it.
My final action.
Who are you pointing at, Goldberg?
I agree, sir.
What about the guy that...
He knows.
I don't know.
Is there anybody in the audience that really knows what they would do with their final...
All right.
That first hand up there.
Some entire badger?
Some entire badger.
Is that level three or is that...
I'll trust Adam.
Why would you go with badger as opposed to...
Because those are hilarious.
No, I mean...
They're really effective combatants.
Don't get me wrong.
All right, all right.
Forget it.
Another word.
His answer is he just cast a fucking combat spell.
I just wanted to make sure...
Oh, it is level three, you guys.
Sorry.
Sorry to rain on everyone's parade.
Level three spell.
All right.
I'm gonna...
I know this is gonna seem repetitive.
Yeah.
But I got good results last time.
I'm gonna pull out...
One of the shards.
One of those crystal shards.
Not the Soul of Growth, but one of those shards that we were...
Okay.
What, we could do it in count.
Is that the Soul of Growth you're pulling out?
No, no, no.
This is one of the shards.
Okay.
Well, let's tell them.
This is the shard of the unknown.
And words?
Nothing.
Nothing happened.
All right, can I summon a badger?
It's a level three spell.
You're out of those.
Oh, shit.
All right, well, it's the smoke.
All right, look, Scorching Ray.
All right.
Casting your arms in a magical manner.
You fire off a couple bolts of fire.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Yeah, it does.
That's good stuff.
That's what my character says to you.
That was good stuff.
Dealing 18 damage and failing.
Badass.
So you just leave it to me.
One of the remaining creatures had exertion, however, was all it took.
You feel yourself drift off and fall to the floor unconscious.
So are there only two left now?
There are only two left.
And there are only two left of you raising the stakes.
All right, well, let's finish this battle real quick.
Is it their turn now?
Yeah, so they actually, now that one of them has dropped dead
and the other two of you guys are, so it's like two on two, right?
They kind of square off and they just charge towards you.
You can see their limbs and their underbodies kind of turn into
the smoky thing and they kind of turn into spectral forms
as they charge towards you and they actually just blast straight through you
and you feel a violent chill go through your body.
Yeah, violent indeed.
You take nine damage.
You feel your insides just feel as if they've been frozen solid somehow
and you double over in pain.
That happens.
You got P-boned.
Fuck.
All right, well.
That is what getting P-boned is like.
I untie all the things that I've tied up into a useless ball.
And so I'm pretty close to them, right?
Yep.
I take a...
Just do something normal.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't have weapon at them.
Bro, I got no weapons.
I'm haunting you like Ben Kenobi.
Is the wire saw something I can use against them?
You have weapons, dude.
Wire saw.
You're like that one globetrotter from the globetrotter cartoon
that would pull things out of his hair.
I love his afro, yeah.
I'll use a...
I use a telephone.
You'll use a what now?
I use a telephone too.
Call an Uber and get out of here.
Okay, I use the bow.
I use the bow and it says I have times three critical.
Yeah, that means if you critical hit, it's super effective.
Attack bonus plus nine.
Damage is in the hundreds.
Attack bonus plus nine is helpful to me, actually.
All right, let's do it.
So I rolled the attack and apparently you've hit.
So firing an arrow from your short bow,
you strike one of the remaining foes directly in his...
Why directly every time?
Why?
Chest.
Dealing six damage.
Plus nine.
Plus nine is your to hit.
The damage is just the 1D...
I have 10, it might be 1D8.
Okay, all right.
Let's move past it.
Yeah, putting in a quark stern.
Can I believe again?
What's on?
Can we believe again?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yeah, let's do that.
Yeah, work last time, right?
All right.
It didn't work so well this time.
Pulling...
It didn't work last time.
He put his foot through the guy and then neck the head.
I'm getting so mixed up, you guys.
This is crazy.
What?
If he flanks, then you can backstab him and end this fight and be awesome.
Well, yeah, but he's the flanking one.
He doesn't get sneak attack damage.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay.
Yeah, you guys.
Anyway, so he doesn't hit is what I'm trying to say.
With your great sword, you swing a bit, you know, you swing a bit,
but you know, they just flew through you and you're all iced up inside.
So that's tough.
You don't hit.
It happens.
I'm sorry.
Okay, is it their turn again?
Yeah, it is.
So fucked.
We're fucked.
We're so fucked.
What's going to happen?
Are you only able to dream?
Yeah, do you want to dream?
Well, I mean, because we're unconscious.
Yeah, that's why I'm asking if you want to dream.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, boy.
I dream of a cloud that's made out of horse fur.
And I take off all of my clothes and I cover myself in lotion
and I tumble across the horse fur and Fiona Apple's playing in the background
and pizzas come down from the sky and they fall on my face,
but there are no calories.
And then also I defeat the enemy, I guess.
Yeah.
That's my dream.
That's a pretty good dream.
Yeah, so the shadowy beings, both of their limbs.
What about my dream?
Yeah, go for a dream.
Yeah.
I have a dream that races get along.
High-roaded.
Any time you guys want to go back to that poll.
I have a dream that me and LimeShirt are signing the deal in a house together.
When in reality, you just won't let it go.
What's your name, Limey?
None of this is making it better.
Yeah.
All of this is making it worse.
This is like the bad touch of conversations.
I'm sorry.
In my dream, Phil and I are creating...
You had your dream.
You rolled around in horse lotion.
I solved racism.
You don't get to...
Phil and I self-hunger.
Also, we built a dollhouse together.
That's your second dream.
Third dream.
There's one dream per turn, you guys.
I'm going to have to be firm on this.
Spencer, how are we going to defeat these guys?
Is it going to take a second?
Well, I mean, I don't know.
No, no, no, we're going to see this through.
I think we're about to die.
Let's hope so.
Is it their turn?
Whoa.
I don't get why that got a reaction.
Because you seem grumpy.
Because we're fucking hateful assholes.
What?
Can we cliff-hang it?
No, we can't cliff-hang it.
You guys are asleep.
Is their turn, right?
Both of their limbs have turned into smoke at this point.
They went through you, iced your insides.
You twisted around, failed some attacks.
That happened.
Both of their limbs turned into smoke.
They just fly directly towards you.
It's like they're strangling you.
You can actually feel your throats being throttled
as the smoke is invading your senses.
Yeah, it's not good.
So a moment ago, he had this whole growth out.
Yeah, they lost consciousness.
It's like he's clutching it in his hand.
Right now, you can't move too much.
You're being strangled.
You're being exertion to move around.
I sneak behind one.
I'm going to lose consciousness.
It's got its hands around your throat.
Not me, right?
Yeah, both of you.
Yeah, they squared off one each.
Yeah, they're both taking on each of you guys.
Well, I kind of stab his guy.
Like, I do this kind of thing.
Okay.
All right.
Like, you know, because I can't reach my guy,
I kind of like...
Hey, I'll get your guy.
That makes sense to me.
So yeah, you do that.
You stab him just a bit, dealing six damage.
Just a bit.
Shit, we're dying.
Shit!
Not this game.
You could die.
Oh, fuck.
All right, all right, all right.
We're going to die tonight.
Quark!
What you got, baby?
We're going to die!
If I don't think I can actually grab the soul of growth,
I'm going to try to cleave again.
Okay.
So, yeah, yeah, cleaving again.
Cool move, man.
Oh.
I dig it.
Uh-oh.
He knows something we don't know.
I don't like that.
So those are Spencer's maniacally laughing.
Oh, yeah, it's happening.
So being strangled, actually, as it happens,
impacts your accuracy, and you swing wildly,
trying to cleave through both of these beings in one,
but it's not happening.
It's not happening.
It just doesn't happen.
That's quite a buildup for not happening.
He's just us dying.
Your grip loosens on the sword as it drops from your hands
and you fall to your knees.
Oh, God.
I, um...
Are on the verge of unconsciousness.
I, uh, take this opportunity to, uh...
So he, did he fuck me last night or no?
No, he didn't.
Okay.
I think we have time for that.
Why wasn't that anyone's dream?
I, uh, I put my, uh, soft penis inside him.
And have it grow.
Like the fungus is growing inside of me right now.
Summoning the last vestiges of your will to your mighty member.
No.
I have a poison dagger.
Okay.
I like that better.
I take my poison dagger and I stab the bad guys.
You miss.
Oh, my God.
I think we're all dying.
What's gonna happen?
How do I miss?
Because, again, as it happens, when you're being strangled
and smoke's going down your throat and you're coughing and stuff
and wheezing and not breathing,
you know, combat sort of gets harder.
It's just a thing.
It's like, you know...
Surely we would have gotten you a sandwich.
Yeah.
But it didn't happen, did it?
I'm sitting here with a bag of chips and a Milky Way bar.
Murdering us.
Yeah.
Just laying waste to dungeons and drifts.
What's it?
Like, like, like...
Go ahead.
Commit.
You guys all lose consciousness.
You can't see anything.
We all do.
Yeah.
Can my last move to be to put the bag of holding over one of these guys' heads?
You could definitely try.
Yeah, Bill.
Oh, my God.
Bill, what if you murdered us?
I mean, do it.
Do it.
So, over who's head again?
I'm sorry.
I want to smoke you guys.
All right.
With your last dying...
Nope.
Doesn't happen.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
Sorry, Bill.
Bill, your funness is growing on over this game.
So we all go unconscious.
Yeah, you're all unconscious.
All right.
That's the place where we should...
Until you regain it in the future.
Or die.
All right.
In the past.
That's like a logical answer.
This is the fuck of a cliffhanger.
All right.
That's it.
He and he.
Thanks, Bill.
Thank you, Bill.
All right.
Well, what have we learned tonight, Camille?
Don't put yourself out there.
Unless you're fungus.
In which case, go for it.
The big winner tonight is fungus.
Yeah.
Seems like...
Like, you can die in D&D.
You can get your ass kicked.
What happened?
Are we gonna...
This is very upsetting.
I'm genuinely a little shaken.
I'm genuinely shaken.
That's what makes it a good game.
We might all die.
And then what happens?
To create new characters.
Start over?
Like a bunch of pussies.
Have you died in D&D before?
Yeah.
A million times.
Apparently, someone was telling me about this documentary.
Was it you, Spencer?
This documentary about this dungeon master who got pissed off and they had this game
that they'd been playing for years, like Five Guys.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, it was me.
Sorry.
And he got angry, he was having a shitty day, and he ended up killing all those people.
And they all got really upset at him.
And then the documentary is set years later where this guy is going back to reconnect
with all the people who he killed in the D&D game.
So, Spencer, I'm sorry, even that you can't do in the documentary because it's already
happened.
All right.
I'll get through.
Well, usually when Jeff's here, this is the point in the show where we don't know how
to end it.
All right.
I will keep the tradition alive.
So, when was the last time you cried?
I can't remember when the last time I cried is.
Probably I watched probably some sad movie or something.
Okay.
Why did I?
Probably cried.
Probably watched.
Must have been some documentary.
Probably cried during some documentary.
Yeah.
There's some rough ones out there.
There's this one called, and I only name it so that you never watch it.
It's called Dear Zachary, you know what I'm talking about?
Do not.
If you haven't seen it, do not watch it.
I'm genuinely saying, because Emily and I got into a lot of like real crime docs and
we just watched them over and over.
And this was just one of them.
It should come with a fucking warning.
Like, oh, do not watch this one.
That's all.
The movie should be called Do Not Watch This.
Because it's a bunch of them about people wrongly imprisoned and then escaping and then
this one is like too much.
So, yeah.
Man.
All right.
Well, I can only think that we've got to.
Do the song?
There's a song?
Well, don't you do a song about the whole show?
Yeah, hit it.
Yeah.
What do you got in the booth?
All right.
Yeah.
I feel like we learned a lot.
Now, usually they play a rap beat that does not end the show.
Usually it just goes into a terrible rap.
I'm ready for that.
And then the show just has to end in spite of me trying to end it with a rap.
This is going to be the first night where the rap is catastrophically brilliant.
It just ends the show.
Those two words don't go together.
All right.
Yo.
Lime shirt doesn't matter that you're in here.
Fuck your mama without fear.
That's stupid.
Who cares?
This just seems...
Something about that felt like really...
I wonder what it was.
You take the guy who's already been chat on and then talk about how you fucked his mom.
Now, without fear or regret.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Just doesn't.
All right.
Topic, let me give me a topic.
Fungus.
All right, fine.
We've discussed fungus.
One more try.
Racism.
Fungus.
The fungus of racism.
And softball.
Yo.
Little mushrooms grow up in the air.
Spores threaten.
They don't care.
They got to go from one location to another.
They fuck your daddy and they fuck your mother.
They go from a piece of bread to some meat.
Don't care if they go down the street.
They're mushrooms that spread through the air.
This...
It doesn't work.
Okay.
All right.
How do you end the show?
How do you end a fucking show?
I was so into that rap.
You have no idea.
I forgot there were people here.
I forgot.
I was comp-trolling.
I was these mushrooms fucking that guy's mom and dad.
You got to figure out a way to end the show.
Well, no.
I think you just have to commit to the thing.
I feel like the rap is really good.
And I think you get to that moment where you think about it too much.
I feel like you have to just go with it and not quit and just keep going.
And at the end of the rap, it's going to be a beautiful piece.
How do you know when the rap is over if it's made up?
All right.
You're right.
I'm full of shit.
It's over when it feels like...
Well, can we make out?
Okay.
Here's the thing.
I'll go a certain number of rhymes and then you do a Vincent Price bridge where you just
talk.
Okay.
All right.
Did I hear that crazy Middle Eastern racist beat?
It's a crazy Middle Eastern rap.
You pointed me and I'll just talk.
Boys to men used to and stuff.
Where I was like, all right, go.
This will be a politically poignant rap.
I'll rap.
And then when I point at you, then you'll just talk about whatever.
You just being in it will make it profound.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
See?
Point at me.
Yo.
Middle East.
Going down the avenue.
Wait.
Shit.
Hold on.
Sorry.
I didn't hear the beat.
Yo.
Middle East rap.
Whoa.
Crazy things going on in a place that's
on regularly in the Middle East.
You got to beat the beast with the missiles.
Got the foreign policy.
Oh, shit.
Look at you and me not getting along with country to country.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She fell in love with me.
Nothing to do with it.
Pakistan going to go through with it.
Can I use your airspace?
Can I use your land?
Fuck your mama with the back of my hand.
I put my fist in her pussy and I felt her ovaries.
Sorry.
Keep getting off topic.
Fuck your mama so far.
Got tropic.
Gave her malaria.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She got hysteria.
Had to pull out everything inside.
Opened her up so she was wide walk into her and said,
look at this.
Put some curtains over here.
We could really do this.
Put a coffee table there.
Go to Ikea.
Just act like we don't care.
Put some Feng Shui and have a mirror there.
This is bad luck if you come up to the south stair.
People come in and they can smoke on the patio.
It's not a joke.
Decorating your mama's pussy.
Re-decorating your mama's pussy.
It's a metaphor for US policy.
I guess what we're trying to say is shit's bad in the Middle East
and all you can do is distract yourself by fucking somebody's mother
or going to Ikea or eating jerky with fungus on it
or that kind of stuff.
You genuinely feel there's no real way to fix that.
Part of the world.
So all you can do is listen to this rap.
Yo, yo, yo.
Tama hot missile.
Cruise missile.
Dandelion missile.
Tahiti.
Falafel.
But your mama.
Tahiti.
Falafel.
Kedafel.
Egypt.
North Korea.
Ah, shit.
All right, well, think about it.
Hormone Town!
Thank you so much for coming.
Dan Hormone.
Really think about it.
Thank you.
Thank you, Nick and Camille.
Guestcraft, Charlie.
Thank you, Spencer.
Thank you.
Thank you, Zach and Dustin in the audio.
Moe, Fappapap.
Who else do we have to thank?
Danielle and...
I think that's the fourth time that Falafel and Kedafel have been rhymed.
So take that home with you.
All right, well yeah, go home and Wikipedia the Middle East
and really think about what I told you tonight.